Update enterprise packaging in feature docs (#11810)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/enterprise/index.mdx

# Consul Enterprise

[Consul Enterprise] features address the organizational complexities of
collaboration, operations, scale and governance.
It includes capabilities that improve failure resilience, read scalability,
and managing access in accordance with organizational policies.
It also adds support for application and service architectures across complex network topologies.

To use Consul Enterprise features,
[apply a purchased license](/docs/enterprise/license/overview)
that grants access to the desired features to the Consul Enterprise binary.
Available enterprise features per Consul variant and license include:

| Feature                                                                           | [HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Consul]                   | [Consul Enterprise] | Legacy Consul Enterprise (module-based)           |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |

> | Consul servers as a managed service                                               | Yes                                                     | No (self-managed) | No (self-managed)                                 |

Author: @pcmccarron : Do you want to keep this table row (in red below)? Anything you'd change about it?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85913323/145654627-f1bbb0f9-f8a2-4815-9bdf-c0b082a793f2.png)

> | [Audit Logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging)                                   | Standard tier and above                                 | Yes               | With Governance and Policy module                 |

Reviewer: My only suggestion is to use regular sentence-style capitalization for each cell, instead of capitalizing each feature/module

Author: I missed this change in my last pass. I'll address after the next review (along with any other new feedback).

# Consul Enterprise

[Consul Enterprise](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/consul/)

> features address the organizational complexities of collaboration, operations, scale, and governance
> and are [available in several forms of Consul Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/feature-availability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features address the organizational complexities of collaboration, operations, scale, and governance
and are available in several forms of Consul Enterprise. Refer to the [feature availability matrix](/docs/enterprise/feature-availability) for details.
```
It's a (slightly) better user experience to give an idea where you are sending readers.

Author: Done

- [Consul-Terraform-Sync Enterprise](/docs/nia/enterprise): leverage the enhanced network infrastructure automation capabilities of the enterprise version of Consul-Terraform-Sync

#### Complex Network Topology Support
- [Network Areas](/docs/enterprise/federation): support complex network topologies between federated Consul datacenters with pairwise federation rather than full mesh federation
- [Network Segments](/docs/enterprise/network-segments): support complex network topologies within a Consul datacenter by enforcing boundaries in Consul client gossip traffic

#### Governance
- [OIDC Auth Method](/docs/security/acl/auth-methods/oidc): manage user access to Consul through an OIDC identity provider instead of Consul ACL tokens directly
- [Audit Logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging): understand Consul access and usage patterns by reviewing access to the Consul HTTP API 
- [Sentinel for KV](/docs/enterprise/sentinel): policy-as-code framework for defining advanced key-value storage access control policies

# Gain Access to Enterprise Features

### Self-Managed Consul

> To gain access to Consul Enterprise features in a self-managed installation,
> [apply a purchased license](/docs/enterprise/license/overview)
> to the Consul Enterprise binary that grants access to the desired features.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To gain access to Consul Enterprise features in a self-managed installation,
[apply a purchased license](/docs/enterprise/license/overview)
to the Consul Enterprise binary that grants access to the desired features.
You can also try out Consul Enterprise through a 30 day trial license. Visit [https://consul.io/trial](https://consul.io/tria) for a trial license. 

```
I think this will help guide users towards the trial page :)

Author: I'm also going to add a similar call-out to the HCP section.

### HCP Consul

No action is required to gain access to Consul Enterprise features in a

> HashiCorp Cloud Platform installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[HashiCorp Cloud Platform](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/consul) installation.
```

Adding link to HCP.

# Consul Enterprise Feature Availability

Consul Enterprise is offered in several forms that provide a different mix of enterprise features.
Choose the form that best suits the needs of your organization.

Available enterprise features per Consul form and license include:

| Feature                                                  | [HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Consul]                 | [Consul Enterprise] | Legacy Consul Enterprise (module-based)           |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| Consul servers as a managed service                      | Yes                                                     | No (self-managed)   | No (self-managed)                                 |
| [Admin Partitions](/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions)    | Standard tier and above                                 | Yes                 | With Governance and Policy module                 |

> | [Namespaces](/docs/enterprise/namespaces)                | Standard tier and above                                 | Yes                 | With Governance and Policy module                 |

Reviewer 2: @jkirschner-hashicorp I like the table. The one piece I am not a fan of are the empty slots under HCP. I understand that some of these features are not applicable to HCP but we should indicate as such. This will prevent customers asking questions about these features in HCP.

Author: Thanks @karl-cardenas-coding. Just synced with @srikrishmurthy on this. I'll make a few changes (one of these features might be truly "Not Applicable" in the case of HCP Consul).

# Consul Enterprise

[Consul Enterprise](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/consul/)
features address the organizational complexities of collaboration, operations, scale, and governance
and are [available in several forms of Consul Enterprise](#consul-enterprise-feature-availability).

> If you have purchased Consul Enterprise, refer to
> [how to gain access to enterprise features](#gain-access-to-enterprise-features).
> 
> Enterprise features include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have purchased a Consul Enterprise license, refer to
[Access Your Enterprise Features](#access-your-enterprise-features).

Enterprise features include:
```
"Gaining" the feature features sounds weird -- like gaining experience points or something

> #### Multi-Tenancy

Reviewer: Did we have a discussion about properly nesting headings? These should be ## . I still think it should be "Multi-tenancy" because compound words are considered a single word, but we're not consistent enough on this to enforce.

> - [Admin Partitions](/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions): define administrative boundaries between tenants within a single Consul datacenter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Admin Partitions](/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions): Define administrative boundaries between tenants within a single Consul datacenter.
```
We should use complete sentence with appropriate caps and punctuation, even if there are a few sentence fragments on this page.

#### Operational Simplification
- [Automated Upgrades](/docs/enterprise/upgrades): ease upgrades by automating the transition from existing to newly deployed Consul servers
- [Consul-Terraform-Sync Enterprise](/docs/nia/enterprise): leverage the enhanced network infrastructure automation capabilities of the enterprise version of Consul-Terraform-Sync

#### Complex Network Topology Support
- [Network Areas](/docs/enterprise/federation): support complex network topologies between federated Consul datacenters with pairwise federation rather than full mesh federation
- [Network Segments](/docs/enterprise/network-segments): support complex network topologies within a Consul datacenter by enforcing boundaries in Consul client gossip traffic

#### Governance
- [OIDC Auth Method](/docs/security/acl/auth-methods/oidc): manage user access to Consul through an OIDC identity provider instead of Consul ACL tokens directly
- [Audit Logging](/docs/enterprise/audit-logging): understand Consul access and usage patterns by reviewing access to the Consul HTTP API 
- [Sentinel for KV](/docs/enterprise/sentinel): policy-as-code framework for defining advanced key-value storage access control policies

> # Gain Access to Enterprise Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access Your Enterprise Features

The following sections describe how to access enterprise features for each Consul distribution.
```
There should only be one # H1 per page

### Self-Managed Consul

To gain access to Consul Enterprise features in a self-managed installation,
[apply a purchased license](/docs/enterprise/license/overview)
to the Consul Enterprise binary that grants access to the desired features.

You can also try out Consul Enterprise before purchasing by
[requesting a 30-day trial license](https://consul.io/trial).

### HCP Consul

No action is required to gain access to Consul Enterprise features in a
[HashiCorp Cloud Platform](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/consul) installation.

You can try out HCP Consul for free. Refer to the
[HCP Consul product page](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/consul) for more details.

> # Consul Enterprise Feature Availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Consul Enterprise Feature Availability
```
